hi guys my name is Ethan from including
the gamer and today I have a little
unboxing video of the Sony Vaio of
series notebook so here's the box that
it comes in it's a black box let me just
cut off the seal slides open padded top
lid and here's the laptop covered in a
styrofoam sheet type protection there we
go sony vaio f-series doesn't have the
battery installed yet but let me set
that to the side
underneath the laptop we have the
instruction booklets AC adapter and and
also the battery so came in very nice
packaging everything fits very snugly in
the package I'm just gonna slide the bad
lean okay I got the battery in and as
you can see that laptop has a matte
finish I got this this is the black one
they also do have a gray option let's
open it up
and there you go there's the Sony Vaio
f-series thanks for watching